Package refactoring (#74)
michal-h21/biblatex-iso690: biblatex-iso690.tex

\newcommand*{\biblatex}{\sty{biblatex}\xspace}

\usepackage[
  style=iso-authoryear,

>   sortlocale=cs_CZ,% We need this for proper sorting,

Reviewer: My comment https://github.com/michal-h21/biblatex-iso690/pull/74#discussion_r362390949 was only about `bibencoding` (even though GitHub highlighted several lines).

Since the document is in English the `sortlocale=cs_CZ,` is indeed needed for Czech sorting.

You may or may not want to retain `autolang=other,` depending on whether or not it is actually needed.

Author: I removed other options:
* `backend=biber` because it is default by `biblatex`,
* `autolang=other` because it is included in `iso.bbx` as a default option,
* `spacecolon=false` because it is included in `iso.bbx` as a default option.

Reviewer: Ah, makes sense.  I didn't check the default `iso.bbx` options. (I actually like `backend=biber,` and always keep it to remind people to run Biber, but it's been the default for a long time.)

\item[iso-authortitle] name and title system
\end{description}

\subsection{Citation commands}

\biblatex provides a lot of citation commands out of the box. However, to

> conform to the standard, it is neccessery to know which commands for which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conform to the standard, it is necessary to know which command can be used
```

> citation methods you can use. Here is an overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for which citation method. Here is an overview.
```

\subsubsection{Numeric system}

For \t|iso-numeric| style, the usage of cite command is as simple as
\t|\textbackslash cite|.

\noindent
Example: command \t|\textbackslash cite\{knuth\}| outputs [1].

\subsubsection{Author-year system}

For \t|iso-authoryear| method (and possibly also for other methods
\t|iso-alphabetic| and \t|iso-authortitle|), you should distinguish two
situations:

\begin{itemize}

>   \item Name of the creator appears naturally in the text, so only the year is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item The name of the creator appears naturally in the text, so only the year is
```

  in parentheses; use \t|\textbackslash textcite|.

  \noindent
  Example: command \t|\textbackslash textcite\{knuth\}| outputs
  \textcite{knuth}.

>   \item Name of the creator doesn't appear naturally in the text, so both name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item The name of the creator doesn't appear naturally in the text, so both name
```

\paragraph{Article in a serial}\hfill\\

\c{t03}
\begin{ltxexample}
@ARTICLE{t03,

>   author        =   {LYNCH, C.},

Reviewer: I just noticed this. ALL CAPS in `.bib` files are almost always a bad idea.
```suggestion
   author        =   {Lynch, C.},
```
Are there more entries like this?

\t|type| field to specify the type of the thesis -- a localization
term or literal string can be entered. For the list of supported
localization terms, please refer to section 4.9.2.13 of the
\t|biblatex| documentation. Available terms are \t|bathesis|,
\t|mathesis|, \t|phdthesis|, and \t|candthesis|. Names of the
supervisor and school (institution) can be entered into the fields
\t|supervisor| and \t|institution|, respectively.
\newline

\c{Luptak2016thesis}
\begin{ltxexample}

> @THESIS{Luptak2016thesis,

Reviewer: I prefer `{...}` instead of `"..."` for field contents. All other examples seem to use `{...}` as well, so I suggest you switch this one to `{...}`.

>   author       = "Lupták, Dávid",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  author       = {Lupták, Dávid},
```
etc. etc.

>   title        = "Typesetting of Bibliography According to ISO 690 Norm",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title        = {Typesetting of Bibliography According to ISO~690 Norm},
```

>   date         = 2016,

Reviewer: Integer-only values are special and can drop the `"..."` or `{...}` but since `date` may contain more than just integers, I think it is good practice to add the `{...}` even if it is not needed. 

```suggestion
  date         = {2016},
```

  howpublished = "online",
  urldate      = "2016-06-14",
  type         = "bathesis",
  institution  = "Masaryk University, Faculty of Informatics",
  location     = "Brno",
  supervisor   = "Petr Sojka",
  url          = "https://is.muni.cz/th/422640/fi_b/",
}
\end{ltxexample}

\paragraph{Patent}\hfill\\

The field \t|classification| is available for the respective stuff.
For other details regarding \t|patent| type, please refer
to the \t|biblatex| documentation.

> In the following example, we can see how to print out inventor of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, we can see how to print the inventor of a
```

> patent using \t|editora| and \t|editoratype| fields, or type of patent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
patent using \t|editora| and \t|editoratype| fields, or the type of patent
```

using localisation string \t|patenteu|.
\newline

\c{Groll2008}
\begin{ltxexample}
@patent{Groll2008,
  author         = {Clad Metals LLC Canonsburg, PA 15317 (US)},
  title          = {Method of making a copper core five-ply composite
                     and cooking vessel},

>   editora        = {Groll, W.A.},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  editora        = {Groll, W. A.},
```

>   editoratype    = {Inventor:},

Reviewer: I think it is bad form to have to include trailing punctuation in fields like this. Even better would be if `inventor` could be a key (like `reviser` or `continuator`).

Author: The colon there is really stupid, I have just added localisation keys for this.

  publisher      = {Google Patents},

>   classification = {EP 1 094 937 B1},

Reviewer: I just noticed: Classic `biblatex` would use `number` instead of `classification` here. For portability uniformity with  standard `biblatex` would be a good idea.

Author: I also noticed this and support to get rid of the very unique `classification` field.

  type           = {patenteu},
  date           = {2008-07-30},

>   url            = {https://encrypted.google.com/patents/EP1094937B1},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  url            = {https://patents.google.com/patent/EP1094937B1},
```

individuals, the title should be used as the first element of the reference.
However, it is appropriate to include some relevant roles, e.g. the director:

\begin{ltxexample}
  ..
  editora     = {Welles, Orson},

>   editoratype = {Directed by},

Reviewer: As above with the `@patent`. It would be nicer if things were strings. This shows ...

  ..
\end{ltxexample}

in English, or

\begin{ltxexample}
  ..
  editora     = {Welles, Orson},

>   editoratype = {Réžia},

Reviewer: ... here. With a key/bibstring approach there'd be no need to change to `Réžia` for Slovak.

\subsubsection{Date}

If an exact date is not known, an approximate date should be supplied in
brackets preceded by circa string (ca.). To achieve this behaviour, specify
the date followed by a tilde, as in the example below.

\begin{ltxexample}

>   date = {1490~}         % tilde meaning circa

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  date = {1490~},         % tilde meaning circa
```
I like trailing commas.

\end{ltxexample}

In case no date is given and also no approximation is possible, that
should be stated. Please reflect this in the \t|bib| file by including
the following line in the respective entry.

\begin{ltxexample}

>   date = {\mkbibbrackets{\bibsstring{nodate}}}

Reviewer: Biber will choke on this or at least complain. Better to do leave nodate dates empty and test for empty dates in the style. Something like https://golatex.de/viewtopic,p,109704.html#109704 (sorry, it's in German, but the important bit is th code.)
